W-13210034-rtf-scheduler-page-kt (#1040)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-schedules.adoc

you must update and redeploy the app.
You can't change the schedule type on a deployed application.

[NOTE]

> The minimum required Mule runtime engine version to use this feature is 4.1.2 and above, and the minimum Runtime Fabric Agent version is 2.0.0 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum required Mule runtime engine version to use this feature is 4.1.2 or later, and the minimum Runtime Fabric Agent version is 2.0.0 or later.
```
